Highlight the 100Mb constraint (#106438)
Azure/azure-content: articles/static-web-apps/deploy-nextjs-hybrid.md

Now any changes made to the `main` branch starts a new build and deployment of your website.

>[!NOTE]

> >If you have trouble deploying a Next.js Hybrid application with more than 100Mb app size, please use the `standalone` feature of Next.js. Kindly check out the [standalone](#enable-standalone-feature) section to learn more. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>If you have trouble deploying a Next.js Hybrid application with more than 100Mb app size, use the `standalone` feature of Next.js. Refer to the [standalone](#enable-standalone-feature) section for more information. 
```
